user_stories.md, before:

# User Stories

The following notes are loosely based on the book "Designing APIs with Swagger and OpenAPI" by Joshua S. Ponelat and Lukas L. Rosenstock (https://www.manning.com/books/designing-apis-with-swagger-and-openapi).

​	User stories are generally written using the following template, but the "so that" clause is optional and the prefix, "as a <*role*>" will be omitted from each of the sections below for brevity:

```
As a <role>, I can <capability>, so that <receive_benefit>.
```

User stories that depend on other stories will use the following template:

```
Given <prerequisite>, I can <capability>.
```



## Member Stories

###### A member is a registered user that can be found in the member directory.

- I can register a new account and choose my role, so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can use the member directory and see private members and projects.
- I can post a project, so that other members can see what I'm working on.
- I can see a list of projects that I created.
- Given that I created a project, I can view and modify its details.
- Given that I created a project, I can delete it.
- Given that I created a project, I can post project updates.
- I can view a list of other users in the directory.
- I can create a conversation thread with at least one other member, including one or more messages, so that conversation histories are only accessible to members that are invited to the thread by the creator.
- I can see a list of Conversation Thread that I participate in.
- Given that I participate in a Conversation Thread, I can post messages to the Conversation Thread.
- Given that I participate in a Conversation Thread, I can view messages in the Conversation Thread.
- Given that I participate and sent messages in a Conversation Thread, I can delete a message that I sent.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can delete my account.


## Organizer Stories

###### An organizer is a person that hosts events and/or manages a group/club consisting of members.

- I can register a new account and choose my role so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can contact and manage members of my organization.
- I can broadcast messages to  members of my organization, in order notify members of important announcements.
- I can invite members to my organization, so that they may receive and view private announcements.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can delete my account.

## Visitor Stories

###### A visitor is a user that visits the website, but is not logged in.

- I can register a new account and choose my role, so that I can log in.

- I can see a list of public members
- I can see a list of public projects


## Administrator Stories

- I can register a new account and choose my role so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can access administrator functionality.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can modify other users' account details.
- I can edit projects that other users have posted.
- I can delete my account.



```mermaid
---
title: Casual Coding - Member Directory Domain Model
---
classDiagram
    class User {
        - ID
        - Fullname
        - EmailAddress
        - Roles
        - Bio
        - ImageUrls
        - Experience
        - SocialLinks
        (1) Register
        (2) Login
        (3) View
        (4) Modify
        (5) Delete
    }
    class Project {
    	- ID
    	- Title
    	- Description
    	- ImageUrls
    	- CreatedAt
    	(1) Create
    	(2) ListMyOwn
    	(3) ListAll
    	(4) View
    	(5) Modify
    	(6) Delete
    }
    class ConversationThread {
    	- ID
    	- Participants
    	- ListMyConversations
      	(1) Post
    	(2) View
    	(3) Delete
    }
    class Message{
    	- ID
    	- Content
    	- SenderID
    	- RecipientID
    	- CreatedAt
    }
	User --> Project : Creates
	User --> ConversationThread : Creates
	User --> ConversationThread : Posts
	Message --> ConversationThread : Belongs to

    
```

Commit message:

Add Event and Organizaion to the Domain Model.

user_stories.md, after:

# User Stories

The following notes are loosely based on the book "Designing APIs with Swagger and OpenAPI" by Joshua S. Ponelat and Lukas L. Rosenstock (https://www.manning.com/books/designing-apis-with-swagger-and-openapi).

​	User stories are generally written using the following template, but the "so that" clause is optional and the prefix, "as a <*role*>" will be omitted from each of the sections below for brevity:

```
As a <role>, I can <capability>, so that <receive_benefit>.
```

User stories that depend on other stories will use the following template:

```
Given <prerequisite>, I can <capability>.
```



## Member Stories
###### A member is a registered user that can be found in the member directory.
- I can register a new account and choose my role, so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can use the member directory and see private members and projects.
- I can post a project, so that other members can see what I'm working on.
- I can see a list of projects that I created.
- Given that I created a project, I can view and modify its details.
- Given that I created a project, I can delete it.
- Given that I created a project, I can post project updates.
- I can view a list of other users in the directory.
- I can create a conversation thread with at least one other member, including one or more messages, so that conversation histories are only accessible to members that are invited to the thread by the creator.
- I can see a list of Conversation Thread that I participate in.
- Given that I participate in a Conversation Thread, I can post messages to the Conversation Thread.
- Given that I participate in a Conversation Thread, I can view messages in the Conversation Thread.
- Given that I participate and sent messages in a Conversation Thread, I can delete a message that I sent.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can delete my account.


## Organizer Stories
###### An organizer is a person that hosts events and/or manages an organization consisting of members.
- I can register a new account and choose my role so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can contact and manage members of my organization.
- I can broadcast messages to  members of my organization, in order notify members of important announcements.
- I can invite members to my organization, so that they may receive and view private announcements.
- I can create events, so that members can view upcoming events.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can delete my account.

## Visitor Stories

###### A visitor is a user that visits the member directory website, but is not logged in.

- I can register a new account and choose my role, so that I can log in.

- I can see a list of public members
- I can see a list of public projects


## Administrator Stories
###### An administrator is a user that manages the member directory website.

- I can register a new account and choose my role so that I can log in.
- I can log into my account, so that I can access administrator functionality.
- I can modify my account details.
- I can modify other users' account details.
- I can edit projects that other users have posted.
- I can delete my account.



```mermaid
---
title: Casual Coding - Member Directory Domain Model
---
classDiagram
    class User {
        - ID
        - Fullname
        - EmailAddress
        - Roles
        - Bio
        - ImageUrls
        - Experience
        - SocialLinks
        (1) Register
        (2) Login
        (3) View
        (4) Modify
        (5) Delete
    }
    class Project {
    	- ID
    	- Title
    	- Description
    	- ImageUrls
    	- CreatedAt
    	(1) Create
    	(2) ListMyOwn
    	(3) ListAll
    	(4) View
    	(5) Modify
    	(6) Delete
    }
    class ConversationThread {
    	- ID
    	- Participants
    	- ListMyConversations
      	(1) Post
    	(2) View
    	(3) Delete
    }
    class Message {
    	- ID
    	- Content
    	- SenderID
    	- RecipientID
    	- CreatedAt
    }
    class Organization {
    	- ID
    	- Name
    	- Organizers
    	() Create
    	() View
    	() Modify
    	() Delete
    }
    class Event {
    	- ID
    	- EventLink
    	- TimeStart
    	- TimeEnd
    	- Location
    	(1) Create
    	(2) ListMyOwn
    	(3) View
    	(4) Modify
    	(5) Delete
    	(6) ListAll
    }
	User --> Project : Creates
	User --> ConversationThread : Creates
	User --> ConversationThread : Posts
	Message --> ConversationThread : Belongs to

    
```
